On September 23, 2015,
it was announced
at all branches that
the Governing Body was requesting
all Bethel families to reduce in size.
For me personally,
when they made that announcement
on Wednesday, September 23,
that was exciting.
It was—
I knew it was momentous.
When the announcement was made,
tears welled up in my eyes
because I realized how close we are
to the end.
And I remember just closing my eyes
and saying to Jehovah,
“Whatever you want, we’ll do.”
When I received news of my reassignment,
initially I was numb.
When I got the news
about my reassignment,
I was so scared in the beginning.
It caught me off guard.
I wasn’t expecting it.
We were quite shocked and sad,
but we were encouraged by the brothers
at Bethel and also in the congregation.
The direction from the Governing Body
was that we were being reassigned
as regular pioneers.
We signed the forms for pioneering
that very Thursday.
For me, I’ve always appreciated
the scripture at 1 Samuel 12:22
where it states there:
“For the sake of his great name,
Jehovah will not abandon his people.”
I don’t want to forget my Bethel time,
because it was lovely,
but I want to stretch forward ahead
to pioneering and really enjoy it.
We prayed specifically for a place
that is going to help us
to be as simple
as possible so that we can focus
our attention to the ministry.
All that I’d love to say
to everyone who has been reassigned
is that Jehovah is our Father,
and he will never relinquish
his responsibility as a Father.
He will take care of us.
We are losing four couples
from our congregation.
And I would like to tell
the congregations
where they have been assigned to
that they are getting
real spiritual people
and that they are
really going to be an asset
to their congregation.
I just want to also thank
the brothers in the congregation
where we are going to
because they organized
secular work for us
and also, as Bonnie mentioned,
accommodation.
So they made it easier for us
to look forward to our assignment.
But we know this,
of course, comes from Jehovah.
And so the Branch Committee said,
“Well, we have to move quickly with this.”
We asked the family,
“Please, give us two,
three weeks to work things out,”
and that is what they appreciated.
Congregations phoned in.
The Bethelites were offered jobs.
They were offered accommodation.
Our congregation is delighted
having two young Bethelites
coming and joining us.
Our congregation
has quite a number of young people.
We can already see that
it’s going to benefit them quite a lot.
We’ve actually assisted them
in getting a place
where they could stay,
and also we’ve assisted them
to settle in
and be part of the congregation.
Welcome to our new home!
We’ve been here
a little over a week now.
The brothers helped
to paint the house,
to put tiles on,
to clean the entire place.
So they really did
a lot of work in our behalf.
Also, memories
of our friends from Bethel.
It was about six months ago
when we enjoyed pioneer school.
Thanks to our brothers,
we were able to find employment.
Jehovah has been
answering our prayers,
and sometimes
he has been answering
our concerns
even before we even pray about it.
No doubt,
these extraordinary experiences
in South Africa
are mirrored all over the world.
The love we show
to each other is a reflection
of Jehovah’s great love
for each of us,
and we thank him to be a part
of this amazing brotherhood.